= SilverPlatter::IRC


== Indexing

Author::           Stefan Rusterholz <stefan.rusterholz+silverplatter-irc at gmail.com>
Version::          1.0.0
Website::          http://silverplatter.rubyforge.org/irc
Git Repository::   http://github.com/apeiros/silverplatter-irc
Bugtracker::       http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?atid=17330&group_id=4522&func=browse
Feature Requests:: http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?atid=17333&group_id=4522&func=browse
License::          Ruby License (see LICENSE.txt)


== Summary

SilverPlatter::IRC is an easy to use library for IRC clients. For an example use
take a look at the butler project: http://butler.rubyforge.org which uses it to
implement an IRC bot.


== Description

SilverPlatter::IRC is an easy to use library for IRC clients. For an example use
take a look at the butler project: http://butler.rubyforge.org which uses it to
implement an IRC bot.


== Installing

=== Via RubyGems
You need for the installation:
* rubygems >= 1.2.0
* silverplatter-log >= 0.1.0 (automatically installed by rubygems)

You need for some of the rake tasks:
* bacon
* flexmock
* git
* hpricot
* rcov
* rdiscount (or markdown)
* rdoc
* rspec

To install, do:

	gem install silverplatter-irc

Note: you might have to use 'sudo gem install silverplatter-irc'

=== From Github
You need for the installation:
* rubygems >= 1.2.0 (if you want to use any gem tasks)
* hpricot >= 0.6.0 (needed for most rake tasks)
* rdoc >= 2.0.0 (needed for most rake tasks)
* silverplatter-log >= 0.1.0

You need for some of the rake tasks:
* bacon
* flexmock
* git
* hpricot
* rcov
* rdiscount (or markdown)
* rdoc
* rspec

To install, do:

	curl http://github.com/apeiros/silverplatter-irc/tarball/master
	cd trunk
	rake gem:install

Note: you might have to use 'sudo rake gem:install'



== Examples

See in the examples dir for code examples.



== Design

SilverPlatter::IRC is designed in layers, the following layers exist:
Socket::     Provides many abstracted write methods and send-queues to protect your client from
             accidentally flooding (sending too many messages at once)
             Reading messages will only give a string
Connection:: Provides imperative and evented interfaces to reading commands, which additionally
             are converted to IRC::Message's and provide a nicer interface than plain Strings.
             Keeps track of IRC::User's you're talking to (or that talk to you) and IRC::Channel's
             you're in. Both, IRC::User and IRC::Channel are multitons, that means a given user or
             channel will always be represented by the same object.
Client::     Deals with multiple connections

Socket only provides the simplemost functionality and is "dumb" by design (no automatisms).
Connection is sufficient to build a client allowing a connection to a single server at a
time and is semi-intelligent as Parser, Channel and Users are tied to the connection and
automatically updated apropriatly. Also it can properly deal with requests with multiple
commands as reply, collecting those and making them accessible in a nice format.
Client enables multiple connections in a nice manner.



== Contributing

If you wish to contribute, then there are various ways to do so:
Code::          If you wish to contribute code, simply fork the github project, clone and start
                to work. Contact me when you think your modifications are ready to be pulled into
                the master branch. Notice that all patches are required to be under the Ruby
                License or public domain.
Documentation:: Read the docs, tell me where they are unclear or even incomplete and/or how you
                think they could be improved.
Feedback::      Please give feedback on the libs. ALL feedback is good. Positive feedback to keep
                the motivation up, negative (but constructive!) feedback to improve the code-base.
Testing::       Testrun silverplatter-irc on different IRC servers and collect logged exceptions
SSL::           Have a server with SSL to connect to? Tell me, I'd very much like to try enable
                ssl connections.



== Links

Website::          http://silverplatter.rubyforge.org/irc
Project::          http://rubyforge.org/projects/silverplatter
Bugtracker::       http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?atid=17330&group_id=4522&func=browse
Feature Requests:: http://rubyforge.org/tracker/?atid=17333&group_id=4522&func=browse
RFC1459::          http://www.rfc.net/rfc1459.html
RFC2812::          http://www.rfc.net/rfc2812.html
ISUPPORT::         http://www.irc.org/tech_docs/draft-brocklesby-irc-isupport-03.txt
